# TPU-Website-Development
A website that can unite the world in wise and co-ordinated conversations about everything important.
The Peoples Union Website Needs and Purpose.

Hi and thank you for your interest. My name is Laura Drake and I am helping to lead The Peoples Union idea into reality where we will all be able to share leadership together. Our movement began only a few days ago. This is a movement to unite the people in this world, starting with those who have the internet, and to get our species talking about what is really important in life, sharing wisdom, sharing problems, sharing solutions and getting united and organised to make this world a fairer place. We all need to get on the same page and work for the same future vision. The Peoples Union will rule the world. This is when our species becomes one again after being divided and conquered. I am a pioneer for freedom and the future, and even if I have to steer this ship by myself I strong enough to do it. I don’t believe for a second that I am alone at this level ov responsibility, for there are many bright strong and courageous people in this life who know what life should be like compared to what it has been. This website that I am asking you to help create, for free, is essential to get the desperately needed changes to start ringing through. 

This site needs:

A project management team, including me, which will work full on to bring our needs to life on the internet, and will all work without expecting any financial reward. This is for love, unity and bringing the world together. This team will discuss our further needs, which will surely include a crew ov talented and dedicated creators and builders too. If any of you who have no experience professionally project managing but believe you need to do it for your own happiness, get in touch and be honest about what you are looking for. We want to help everyone get up. Project managing a web design project is all quite new to me and I am trusting that Karma is on my side.

A membership system with private peer to peer messages, group creation and such, standard and top of the line. Options to bring in newer and better services are also with us. We can discuss whether to bring in video chats or have a different site in the same Peoples Union family for video conferencing that is easily linked. These are areas that you know more about than I do. I am really happy to work with you on making this as good as possible. 

A communication platform. The search for this I see like clouds that have all different seriousness levels clear in their colouring around the edges. People can really quickly find the conversation topic level they are looking for. If they light heated discussions they go to the darker clouds/thunder and lightening for very serious. Or if they like the conversation at solution levels they can go to the appropriate colours. It will be colour coded. It can go from thundery and lightening clouds to clouds with silver linings showing, and all the way through good levels in rainbow colour to climb to a success situation, which could be a completed yin yang surrounding to the topic, to show it has reached completion. These ideas are up for friendly discussion and development.  These need to be able to keep growing organically, with members able to start new topics and have them easily fit into the right category every time. Users should be able to select as many cloud topics as they like and have them all sit on the screen with the subject names clear and they can move between different topics and open the main conversation window for any with one click. On this communication platform there would be the rule that, if something you want to say has already been said, you can vote it rather than repeat it. There should be different voting options. One is ‘concern’ if somebody or more is writing something disturbing or such, another ‘wise’ another ‘good idea’ ‘good point up’ ‘good point down’ for example, and messages strongest with these are the messages that will be at the top of the conversation. All new comments will appear just under this main conversation, which can have comments within comments, and all new comments can roll around under the main important comments and be seen. People can then vote whether to keep them close to the central conversation. This should  keep it always on track and ensuring that everyones’ say is seen and given a chance to be key in the conversation. Conversation means, ‘grow together.’ People can earn reputations here too, as being wise, for example, but they still get judged for each thing they say based on the words, not their reputation. It is also important that when people show they are good at keeping peace in difficult conversations, that others can vote them as a ‘peacekeeper’ and that this is a special role that is coveted to reach by members. We can even have a test for people who want to volunteer for this, some questions to answer about how they would handle this or that situation. 

Meeting places for people with compatible needs is an important aspect too. ‘Grow a project/crew’ options for people who want to make something happen with people they are meeting. 

Friends needing help is another part of the site that is very important. This is where people worldwide can share their problems and ask for help. This will involve some asking for charity, and so we need a donations system that will support people donating from the smallest coin or unit in their denomination to unlimited sums. This could be something that we need to develop ourselves to get it right. We need for this charity system to have an after care level to it to, where those who receive will share their progress and show the good that happened because of these peoples’ donations. This whole story will be edited to news segment level and shown on our good news channel for the peoples’s union. Now we can try and do this all under one roof if you can support that with all the power needed to do it, for free, or we can easily link to youtube channels too and have ‘Serious news’ and have ‘good news’ channels for the peoples union.


Standard needs include security, FAQs, Contact and tech support. Cookies and whether we open ourselves up to advertising revenue. You know more about this than I do. 

Banking services are going to be needed, i.e., we will need to be operating like a bank. How feasible is this, or is that easy with bitcoin? I need something that handles all world currencies at a neutral exchange rate that does not profit from exchange rates unless a smart and fair way to do this is making us all richer. You see there are many diverse needs here.


While The Peoples Union did not start out to make profit, there is so much need for help among our people that money can alleviate at an immediate level that it seems wrong to not try and make money in a resistance free way and use this to fund the good works that The Peoples Union do. I have spent the last decade learning how to lead this effort in life, and also I have written a book series with a strong future vision and much loving truth about life too, in fictional form with a few non fiction texts too. I intend to keep these free online but am only releasing them when the demand for more is there. I have three books free online at present. If the demand is there for people wanting hard copies of my books then I will release them on Amazon at a good price and keep 10% for my family and 90% of profits will go to The Peoples Union. My books are needed and my audience is growing. I was unknown a month ago and now I have a strong connection to Africa and more and more countries too. They like what I am saying and they are supporting and encouraging me in what I am doing. When I tell these men, who say they are poor and need help, “I’m sorry but I am poor too, but I am trying to help everyone’ they respond with pleasure at these words, and talk with me about how to make it happen. These men that I am connected with are online, they are smart, they are motivated and they have needs too that you might find you can help them with too. 

For me, one such project will be working with locals in a Gambian village to bring in a permanent water supply central for all people’s use, which will then surely lead to taps in every home, and more and more. This is one example of the conversations that I am having with Africans at this time when we have united in only a few days via Whatsapp and facebook. They need help to make these things happen because there is no work for money, and if we don’t help each other then they don’t get a water supply. There is also little hope for emigration and sending back money for these people either. 

This is an outline and there are many more ways in which we can grow. Each member can advertise themselves too if they want in a world wide network, can advertise their business, that they need a job, have skills etc. I would like to keep that free, with maybe a donation option for our more wealthy members. This will be treated like a charity for peoples tax benefits and this will entice people more to give. I share the power I have to speak for us with all who want and need it, and encourage those who don’t to enjoy their lives and someday they will want more responsibility too. If we do accept advertising revenue from outside organisations, they have to be good companies whose products and services we are proud to support. This is essential. I would want a say in this, for sure. Infact, it is really important that my vision for this is how it happens, in terms for what we need to achieve. I hope you see the strong value in this idea and that you are excited about it and that you want to be so key to the success ov ‘OUR STORY!’ History is over. It’s time for the good story to be the main story.

If you want to work with me on this project then thanks, please contact me at ourworldunitesnow@gmail.com or call +447858712040. Remember I am relying on your expertise to know how to project manage this, and the first person that I speak with that I trust knows what they are doing and is in harmony with the project and has time, I will offer project manager too. I can’t say that I understand programming too much but I tried to a load of years ago and all the different languages fascinated me so much I couldn’t pick one to use. I then became a serious writer where I just use plain english to program life but someday I will definitely know which online programming language is right for me to really learn. Something in my head keeps saying ‘Python.’  

Oh, if anyone is into animation, it would be an amazing way to bring my book series to life. Feel free to get in touch about that or if you would like to get involved more with the Peoples Union. 
I’ve a few videos up on youtube at channel Laura Nature introducing The Peoples Union. Please like and subscribe if you dig the mission statement. More to follow when youtube figures out how to send a verification code, lol;

Many thanks with earnest sincerity, and remember this is just a few days into this movement’s beginning, and it is smart to grow slow when we intend to get big.

Laura 

Please contact me at ourworldunitesnow@gmail.com or call +447858712040.Together we can achieve anything good!!
